Senior DevOps Engineer - (AZ - TS Clearance)
Rapidly Growing Optical Remote Sensing Co. Seeks Senior DevOps Engineer! Tucson, AZ!

We are a rapidly growing company that provides services to the aerospace and defense industry related to sensors & electro-optics! We've been in business for over 15 years, and as we grow our team, we are searching for people who want to build long-term careers with us!
What's In It for You
Competitive compensation contingent on experience
Straight-time overtime pay
Medical (100% covered for employees and dependents), Dental, Vision Insurance
401k (6% match with no employee contribution required)
PTO = 20 days
Bonus potential
Opportunity to work on challenging projects with a bright/passionate team!
What You Need for this Position
An active US Government Security Clearance or the ability to obtain a Clearance (Current SSBI is preferred)
4-8+ years of hands-on experience with architecting solutions in AWS
Experience in supporting DevOps tool chain and pipeline environments such as Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Jenkins, SonarQube, and Artifactory
Experience working with Container technologies (Kubernetes, Docker, etc.)
Proficiency in Linux system administration
Ability to design, enable, and deliver scalable and automated strategies through Infrastructure as Code (IaC) tools, such as Ansible and Terraform
Experience managing cloud network resources (AWS Preferred) such as VPC, URL proxies, private link, DNS, ACLs, firewalls, and C2S access points
Experience in key AWS services (EC2, ELB, RDS, Route53, CloudWatch, and S3)
Scripting and/or coding skills (Java, Python, Terraform, Bash, etc.)
CompTIA Security+ certification (or within 3 months of hire)
AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate
Bachelors and/or masters degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field
What You Will Be Doing
Support current AWS development and test environments, collaborating with project and customer team members, while spearheading improved solutions toward benefits in reuse and operational efficiencies
Maintain synergy with Security and IT for compliance alignment
Provide inputs into the future direction of enterprise architecture for programs
Participate in Agile sprints and associated activities
Support engagements related to assessing, refactoring, and identifying opportunities for existing applications that take advantage of modern application architectures (microservices, containers, etc.)
Determine requirements for load balancers and/or auto-scaling infrastructure
Automate application deployment into varied and complex environments using virtual machines, container technologies, Kubernetes, Cloud environments, and bare metal servers
So, if you have the experience above, please apply today or email me directly at edwin.ocampo@cybercoders.com!
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.


CyberCoders is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.